A brief Summary:

Artistic Collaboration through Augmented Reality began when my teacher and I where brainstorming ideas for augmented reality, 
my teacher spit out the idea of having a shared reality in an app where you could use camera on your phone and write something, 
he was calling graffiti using geo mapping where you write something and other people could see what you wrote. This got me thinking 
about an virutally reality program called Oculus Medium where you created scupltures in virutally reality, so what I wanted to see 
if I could recreate Oculus Medium through augmented reality. However, as time went by I realized I do not the skill required to create 
such an app, so what I have decide to do instead is to create an augmented reality app that can place a 3d model and after the user places 
the 3d model down the user can paint on the 3d model. 

How I did my project:

What I had to do first when working on this project was I had to do reseacher for what softwares to use for augmented reality. The most recommended 
choose was Unity for augmented reality with Arkit, Wikitude, and Vuforia. Comparing the three Vuforia is the best for two major reason because Vuforia 
first is completely free compared to Wikitude where you can do a forty five free day trail, and Vuforia does everthing Arkit can execpt better because Vuforia 
supports more apple and android phone's than both Wikitude and Arkit. Since I decide to use Unity I download both Wikitude and Vuforia to test which would 
work better for me. A problem arose when I attempted to download Unity hub to my personal computer I tried many troubleshooting recommendation, yet not a 
single oen help so what my teacher and I decide to do was use a different computer the school loaned to me. Also to this day the problem of installation still 
has not been fixed by Unity's support team. I know it will be frustrating if you run into the same problem as I did, but hopefully you can fix it the installation 
problem. After I got the new laptop I was finally able to download Unity now, next was to download both Vuforia and Wikitude to see which would be the asset I 
would use to finish the project with. To download both assets was simiply, however, importing the assets required a few extra steps to do. When I downloaded Vuforia
I had to open my Unity project then locate the asset button in the top left in between edit and gameobject. Once I clicked on the assets button I had to locate import 
package which was easy to see, and once I clicked import another error message occurred because I did not have git installed which worked with both Unity and Vuforia. 
Until I installed git Vuforia would not be imported to Unity, so the installation was quit easy and simiple to do. Once git was installed the augmented reality proption
of Vuforia. Before I started to work on Vuforia I attempt to work on Wikitude, however, A error occurr called "maintemplate.gradle file is using the old apptOptions 
noCompress property definition which does not include types defined by unityStreamingAssets constant." and I have not been able to fix it yet but there is a solution to 
The error code. Right at the moment I have stop using Wikitude and continue to work with Vuforia and created a rather simiple ground plane in augmented reality. All I
did was grab a ground plane grid, a plane grid, a ar camera, and finally a 3d model. I created the project in Unity hub and first I deleted the main camera, then I 
placed in the ar camera in the gameobjects on the Vuforia section. After the ar camera was added I then added a ground plane stage which was futher down on the Vufoira 
section after clicking on the ground plane I choose a 3d model that did not have a animation to make it easier on me. The model was called Rodbot Kyle and I rescaled the
robot to fit better on the ground plane stage. Afterwards I added plane finder and disable duplicate stage on the right and then made Robot Kyle a child to ground plane
stage. Finally I implemented it into the android phone and ran the app. I tried on an Samsung Galaxy J7 Sky Pro and that did not work at all because of how old the phone
is, so I tested the build again on a Samsung Galaxy 9 and it work now I just had to implement the art and the toolbar and I would be done.
