Aiden Thacker's Journal Entry
Journal Log:

January 13, 2021 
1:22 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
Through the research I have done Unity is the best software for augmented reality and is the best for my project. 

January 15, 2021
1:17 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
I have run into an issue with downloading Unity, so now I am trying to download Unity again and download Vuforia, 
which has shown up in multiply tutorials I’ve been watching. It doesn’t matter how many times I attempt to 
download Unity the application says installation aborted. Today not much is going to happen, I just going to try 
to download Unity and Vuforia correctly so I will not have problems later in the line.

January 20, 2021
1:15 p.m
Aiden Thacker,
After spending the whole weekend not able to accomplish anything, Mr. Seward has offered me a school computer to 
work on the science fair project because my laptop for some (currently) unknown reason well not download Unity 
Hub, which allows me to code on Unity.

January 22, 2021
1:04 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
Mr. Seward gave me a different computer Wednesday and finally I have been able to download Unity Hub, Unity, and 
Vuforia all the softwares currently to do agumented reality. It finally worked now I get to do some figuring 
about how the AR app is going to work. 

January 27, 2021
9:30 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
I am still alive I just have not updated the journal in a bit, but I got some ground work to work now and my 
android phone I am using is completely uesless in this project now that I realise after trying to use it the 
entry log will go into more detail.

January 28, 2021
9:50 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
I hoping I can use someone else's android phone for this project because the camera quaility is so bad it can 
not regonize any surface area, so my phone is out of the equation now. The past two days have just been working 
on my google classroom stuff I hope next is better than this year's science fair.

Feburary 03, 2021
2:35 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
After watching, maybe, ten youtube videos on scaling in vuforia and painting in unity I've decide to not do a
scaling system because I do not have time to complete the project, and with Mr. Seward's help on deciding on 
how the painting system will work I will be able to work on a demo for Friday.

Feburary 05, 2021
12:35 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
I hate image targetting it does not seem to work for, however, image targetting is what I am using for my project
to allow the 3d model to stay stationary instead of begin moved over and over with each click. Right now I have 
semi finished demo for my project that uses ground plane stage and image targetting, and in theory it should work 
correctly.
