Log Entry:


January 20, 2021
1:15 p.m
Aiden Thacker,
After spending the whole weekend not able to accomplish anything, I have recived a different computer. During 
class I downloaded Unity Hub and the latest version of Unity, while also downloading Vuforia. I also added a 
license key on the Vuforia website. By the end of the day I had delete the main camera and replace it with the
augmented reality camera with the license key on the Vuforia configuration.

January 22, 2021
1:04 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
I have been working with the Samsung Galaxy J7 android phone. However, the phone has not be able to recognize 
the surronding area in the dorm room. Eventually I had used a Samsung Galaxy 9 which work ten times better. The 
new phone was able to pick ground stage plane, which was what I started with on the project. 

January 27, 2021
9:30 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
I am still alive I just have not updated the log entry in a bit. Although, the process has been slow I have been
able to use the new phone to try out different three-dimensional models. I have decide to use Robot Kyle on the 
project, and maybe for a continuation I could add muitlple three-dimensional model instead of one.

January 28, 2021
9:50 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
The science forms have been a real pain to fill out. The project is slowly coming along right now I am working on 
a ground plane stage for the three-dimensional model. However, every time the screen on the phone is pressed the 
three-dimensional model moves around I may have to switch to image target to keep it stationary instead of ground
plane.

Feburary 03, 2021
2:35 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
After watching, maybe, ten youtube videos on scaling in vuforia and painting in unity I've decide to not do a
scaling system because I do not have time to complete the project, and with Mr. Seward's help on deciding on 
how the painting system will work I will be able to work on a demo for Friday. I have added a image target 
with printer paper as image on to the image target itself in the insecptor. However, the phone will not pick 
up the printer paper as the image for the three-dimensional model to appear. I do not know the reason why it
is not working, I guess I will need to do further research.

Feburary 05, 2021
12:35 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
It has been two days and I still have not been able to get the image target working yet. Right now I have 
semi finished demo for my project that uses ground plane stage and image targetting, and in theory it should work 
correctly.

Feburary 08, 2021
8:40 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
I have decide to implement mid air stage instead of ground plane because ground plane has a consent height there 
is no changing that. However, mid air stage can do everything ground plane and also have a different height so I 
can place the three-dimensional sphere almost anywhere. So far the mid air stage is working.

Feburary 10, 2021
12:55 p.m.
Aiden Thacker,
I have been watching Youtube video on how to change the color of a three-dimensional sphere with a button. I was 
able learn to create the code for the three primary colors. However, right now I have not tested if the color 
changing would on augmented reality.

Feburary 12, 2021
1:15 p.m.
Aiden Thacker, 
Today I have nearly finished the project. I have been able to create three different c sharp scripts for each 
primary color and implemented the color changing to the augmented reality and it works. Although, the mid air 
stage is working and the color changer is working the image target is still not working I will have to do more 
research.

Feburary 14, 2021
9:25 p.m. 
Aiden Thacker,
After researching on Vuforia's website about image targeting I found out that printer paper, notebook paper, 
and color paper will not work. I should have researched that before attempting all three, anyway the reason why
image target could not work with those types of paper is that the camera draws lines to recognize the image, and
if the image has to many variation like the three listed above the camera will have a hard to try to work. However, 
I now have a new image that will work for the project and everything has been tested and it works. 
